While it is highly unlikely that [such topics - discussions about the existence of extraterrestrial life ] can ever lead to unanimous agreement, these topics can lead to important and thought-provoking discussions. Regardless of the numerous arguments on both sides of the conversation, through the course of this essay I shall put forth my points and calculations, considering all angles of the argument. There are a number of points in support of my argument. 

My view is that irrespective of the merits and demerits that come with these topics, the merits outweigh its demerits. 
Firstly, Dogs are loyal animals, and hence, we get a lot of advantages by keeping them in our home. Furthermore, Dogs have always been friendly to human beings. This is because dogs protect us from all kinds of danger because of their canine instincts. 

I see that there are numerous justifications that can support my viewpoint. For instance, the Department of American society made a study that concluded with multiple points that are in support of my argument, and hence, the proposition laid out in this essay is convincingly justified.  

In conclusion, there are both advantages and disadvantages to keeping a dog in our home. Although there are issues to having a dog in home, there are positives as well, and hence, it is a matter of personal choice. I have put forth my argument to the best of my abilities explaining all the pros and cons of the topic.


introduction with strong support
1. 
In today’s modern era, the topic of dogs has sparked significant debate and interest, for both individuals and institutions.

This essay will showcase the numerous benefits that arise when [your argument] is put into practice. 
This essay will highlight the significant drawbacks that emerge when [your argument] is put into practice

From [advantage 1] to [advantage 2] and [advantage 3], we will extensively explore the multitude of benefits and opportunities that become evident with the adoption of [your argument], offering an in-depth analysis of the opportunities and potential it presents. 
From [disadvantage 1] to [disadvantage 2] and [disadvantage 3], we will extensively explore the multitude of drawbacks and challenges that become apparent with the adoption of [your argument], providing an in-depth analysis of the intricate issues that must be confronted.

Through the course of this essay we shall shed light on the transformative potential of [your argument].
Through the course of this essay we shall cast a shadow on the limitations of [your argument].

2. 
My view is that the merits of these topics like [PLACEHOLDER], [PLACEHOLDER] and [PLACEHOLDER] shine brightly, opening doors to numerous opportunities, and significantly improving daily lives.Firstly, [PLACEHOLDER].Furthermore, [PLACEHOLDER]. This is because [PLACEHOLDER]
My view is that the demerits of these topics like [PLACEHOLDER], [PLACEHOLDER] and [PLACEHOLDER] cast a shadow, causing irreparable damage, and significantly degrading daily lives.Firstly, [PLACEHOLDER].Furthermore, [PLACEHOLDER]. This is because [PLACEHOLDER]

3.I see that there are numerous justifications that can support my viewpoint. For instance, the Department of American society made a study that concluded with multiple points that are in support of my argument, and hence, the proposition laid out in this essay is convincingly justified.

4.
In conclusion, the array of disadvantages explored throughout this essay underscores the problems that come with [PLACEHOLDER]. 
In conclusion, the array of advantages explored throughout this essay underscores the benefits that stem out of [PLACEHOLDER]. 

Recognizing the profound impact of these disadvantages is the first step towards a more informed and effective path forward.
Recognizing the profound benefits of these advantages is the first step towards a more joyful and happy path forward. 

I have put forth my argument to the best of my abilities, and the statements in this essay strongly support the argument I have laid out.

 summarize spoken text
 
 The central theme of the lecture revolved around the usage of perfume. One key aspect emphasized in the lecture was how perfumes enhance our appearance. Another key point highlighted in the lecture was that perfumes are often made from roses. Additionally, the lecture provided insights into the invention of perfumes. In summary, the lecture underscored the enhancement of our appearance by perfume. 
 
 The primary focus of the lecture centered on the usage of perfume. A number of advantages and disadvantages of perfume were discussed in this lecture. The first crucial aspect revealed in the lecture was that perfumes make us look better. Furthermore, another important point mentioned in the lecture was that perfumes are made from roses. Additionally, the lecture also exhibited important information about how perfumes were invented. In conclusion, the lecture suggested that perfumes make us look better. 


retell lecture 
 The main talk of the lecture was about perfume. Firstly, the speaker said perfumes are a sign of fashion. Later, the speaker highlighted that perfumes are used from ancient times. Additionally, the speaker provided imperative information about perfumes being very good. In conclusion the speaker said that perfumes are good for our appearance. 
 
 
 common essay 
 
 In today’s modern era, the topic of dogs has led to a significant debate and interest, for both individuals and institutions. Though there are valid points to be considered on both sides of the aisles, I suggest that we should carefully examine the pros and cons of the topic, based on all available factual information. I shall present my essay considering all facets of the problem using factual information. 

In my opinion, we should not jump to conclusions without carefully considering all aspects of the topic. Firstly, Dogs are loyal animals, and hence, we get a lot of advantages by keeping them in our home. Furthermore, Dogs have always been friendly to human beings. In addition, dogs protect us from all kinds of danger because of their canine instincts. 

There are multiple reputed research organizations and foundations that support my viewpoint. For instance, the Department of American society made a study that concluded with multiple points that are in support of my argument, and hence, the proposition laid out in this essay is convincingly justified.  

In conclusion, though there can never be a perfect conclusion for any debate, considering the positives and negatives one can strongly suggest that dogs are helpful to us. I have put forth my argument to the best of my abilities, and hence, the statements in this essay strongly support the argument I have laid out. 